W-11357909 Amazon SQS Troubleshooting (#1984)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: amazon-sqs/5.11/modules/ROOT/pages/amazon-sqs-connector-troubleshooting.adoc

= Troubleshooting Amazon SQS Connector 5.11 - Mule 4

> To troubleshoot Anypoint Connector for Amazon SQS Connector, familiarize yourself with the information about interpreting commonly thrown exception messages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To troubleshoot Anypoint Connector for Amazon SQS (Amazon SQS Connector), familiarize yourself with the information about interpreting commonly thrown exception messages. 
```

> To troubleshoot Anypoint Connector for Amazon SQS Connector, familiarize yourself with the information about interpreting commonly thrown exception messages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To troubleshoot Anypoint Connector for Amazon SQS Connector, become familiar with the information about interpreting commonly thrown exception messages.
```

== Understand Commonly Thrown Exceptions

Here is a list of commonly thrown exception messages and how to interpret them:

* SQS:ACCESS_DENIED

 The user does not have permission to execute this operation. 

* SQS:CONNECTIVITY

 The connection to the Amazon SQS server is interrupted.

* SQS:INTERNAL_FAILURE
    

>  The request is failing due to an unknown error, exception, or failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The request fails due to an unknown error, exception, or failure.
```

* SQS:INVALID_CREDENTIALS

>  Authentication against the SFTP server is failing due to invalid credentials. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Authentication against the Amazon SQS server fails due to invalid credentials. 
```

* SQS:INVALID_DATA

>  The test connection cannot be performed because the test queue arn parameter is not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The test connection cannot be performed because the Test Queue ARN parameter is not set.
```

* SQS:MESSAGE_NOT_IN_FLIGHT

>  The specified queue recieved a PurgeQueue request within the last 60 seconds. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The specified message is not in flight.
```

* SQS:MESSAGE_SIZE_THRESHOLD_OUT_OF_RANGE

>  Validation error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The message threshold size is not between 0 and 256 KB.
```

* SQS:OPT_IN_REQUIRED

>  The AWS access key ID needs a subsription for the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The AWS access key ID requires a subscription for the service.
```

* SQS:OVER_LIMIT

>  The attempted action exceeds a limit. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The attempted action exceeds a limit, for example, if the Recieve Messages source receives the maximum number of inflight messages or if the Add Permission operation reaches the maximum number of permissions for the queue. 
```

>  This happens, for example, if RecieveMessages recieves the maximum number of inflight messages or if the queue reaches the maximum number of permissions for ADDPermission. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* SQS:PARAMETER_OUT_RANGE

>  Validation error thrown when the server returns AmazonS3Exception with 403 HTTP status code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The value is not within the specified range.
```

* SQS:PURGE_QUEUE_IN_PROGRESS

>  The specified queue recieved a PurgeQueue request within the last 60 seconds. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The specified queue receives a Purge Queue request within the last 60 seconds. 
```

* SQS:QUEUE_ALREADY_EXISTS

 There is a queue with this name already and the request includes different attributes from the existing queue with this name.

* SQS:QUEUE_DELETED_RECENTLY

>  A queue with the same name was deleted within the last 60 seconds. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 A queue with the same name is deleted within the last 60 seconds. 
```

> * SQS:REQUEST_EXPERIED

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SQS:REQUEST_EXPIRED
```

>  The request reaches the service more than 15 minutes after the date stamp on the request, more than 15 minutes after the request expiration date, or the date stamp on the request is more than 15 minutes in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The request reaches the service more than 15 minutes after the request date stamp or the request expiration date, or the request date stamp is more than 15 minutes in the future.
```

* SQS:RETRY_EXHAUSTED

>  Indicates that retries of a certain execution block are exhausted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The retries of a certain execution block are exhausted. 
```

> * SQS:SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE

Reviewer: You may have to move this SQS:SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE throw after SQS:S3_BUCKET_NOT_FOUND for alphabetical order

 The server is experiencing a temporary failure.

* SQS:S3_BUCKET_ACCESS_DENIED

>  The server returns AmazonSQSException with a 403 HTTP status code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The server returns an AmazonSQSException with a 403 HTTP status code.
```

* SQS:S3_BUCKET_NOT_FOUND

>  AmazonSQSException returns from the server with a 404 HTTP status code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The server returns an AmazonSQSException with a 404 HTTP status code.
```

> * SQS:THROTTLING_EXPECTION

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SQS:THROTTLING_EXCEPTION
```

>  The request is ffailing due to request throttling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The request fails due to request throttling.
```
